I was enticed by you
(In one glance, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
I fell in love of my own accord
It's not your fault
Today, I saw you again
(Wo-oh, Wo-oo-oh)
No, I guess I was looking for you
So many high school girls there
(Wo-oh, Wo-oo-oh)
It was during rush hour
But you always caught my attention
The arms of your cardigan
You made them just a little longer
And the way you clenched your hands
Was cunningly cute
(Hey!)
I was completely enticed by you
(In one breath, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
Even your habit of biting your lower lip
Somehow everything made my heart flutter
And when you tilted your head
(It knocked me out, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
Are you aware that you're being watched?
(Hey!)
I'm already hooked on you
Why do you always catch my eyes
(Wo-oh, Wo-oo-oh)
Even though there are
so many girls in this world
You don't look like a part-time model
(Wo-oh, Wo-oo-oh)
You're just an ordinary person
But ordinary is what I like
Even when our eyes meet
With a puzzled look
You keep on staring at me
And your troubled face
Is cunningly cute
(Hey!)
Have you been targeting me the whole time?
(Be honest, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
Has everything not been unconscious,
but planned all along?
I can't read what's inside your mind
If I made you sad
(I'm sorry, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
I don't care at all
whether you've been deceiving me (Hey!)
I love you
Every gesture and every expression
I've been led around by your intentions
I was completely enticed by you
(In one breath, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
Even your habit of biting your lower lip
Somehow everything made my heart flutter
And when you tilted your head
(It knocked me out, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
Are you aware that you're being watched?
(Hey!)
I've been hooked by you
I love you!